Model Viewer Readme

Author: Craig Young
Version: 0.96
Date: December 18, 2007

Updates: 
	- Dec 18: Ground Plane added.
				 Shadow maps added (texture size option in the edit menu)
					- requires a card capable of pixel shader 2.0 b for shadows on the 
					  normal maps (regular 2.0 for per pixel lighting).
				 Parallax mapping is disabled. Going to revamp this feature.
	- Nov 20: Added DirectX mesh support
				 Added support for mirrored normal maps.
				 New about dialog.
	- Nov 15: Fixed a memory issue.
				 Extended camera clipping plane.
				 Switching lights now brings that light into the property panel.
	- Nov 14: Multiple object loading implemented. Accessable through the File menu
				 or right clicking on the list of the models and textures.
				 Multiple light support added. Limited to 3 lights.
	- Nov 4: Emissive textures implemented.
				Screenshot ability added.
				*Note: old setting files will not work.
	- Oct 26: Texture refresh moved to the menu as a global variable instead of per texture.
				 Save/Load settings implemented.
				 Option to invert the controls.
	- Sept 24: Fixed minimizing bugs. Added reference mode for non pixel shader 2 cards.
				  Wireframe mode added. Lighting issue with normal mapping and parallax 
				  mapping resolved.
	- Sept 18: Parallax Mapping and specular shinyness support added. Fixed Per 
				  pixel lighting
				  **** Parallax Mapping requires a pixel shader 3 card ****
	- Aug 25: Texture Auto updating added. Performance improved.
	- Aug 23: Ambient Occlusion Map support added
	- Aug 22: re-worked gui.

	Parallax Data is obtained from the alpha channel of a normal map.
	Specular strength data is obtained from the alpha of a specular map.

Running Instructions:
	To Load a Model:
		1. Click next to the button located next to the empty path box or from the 
			menu click on File->Load Model.
		2. Browse to the directory of the model and select.
		3. Click OK.
	
	To Load a Texture:
		1. Click next to the button located next to the empty path box.
				button: [...]
		2. Browse to the directory of the image and select.
		3. Click OK.
		
		Click on the checkbox below each texture's textbox, which displays the 
		path of the texture to enable/disable the texture.
		
		Textures can be reset by ctrl+t or through the menu Edit->Reset Textures
		
	Camera Controls:
		Rotate: Left click and drag the mouse in the right hand panel.
		
		Move: Middle click and drag in the right hand panel.
				*Note: a little sensitive at times on smaller models.
		
		Zoom: Right click and drag up or down in the right hand panel to zoom in 
				or zoom out.
				
		Resetting the camera can be done by ctrl+c or through the menu 
		Edit->Reset Camera.

	Light Control:
		Rotate: Hold ctrl + left click and then drag the mouse in the right hand 
				  panel.
		
		Switch Light: Hold ctrl & 1, 2 or 3 to switch between lights.
						  *Note: You can only switch to a light if it is enabled.
		
		Resetting the light can be done by ctrl+v or through the menu 
		Edit->Reset Light.
	
	Textures:
		Resetting: Hold ctrl + b to remove all loaded textures. Also available 
					  through Edit->Reset Textures.
	
Planned Additions:
	- Shadows
	- Sub Surface Scattering Texture support.

Credits:
	Big thanks to Noel Cower for assistance in debugging the shader code.
	
	Eric Lengyel for calculating tangents to resolve mirrored normal maps
		(http://www.terathon.com/code/tangent.php)
	
	GameTutorials.com
	Riemers.net
	
	Micheal Winder for his spaceship and textures.
	Samuel Arshevon for his diablo model and textures.
	Parallax wall is unknown author.
	Parallax wall textures borrowed from directx sdk.
	